# Misinformation Trivia

Coder: Rory Lehtola
Date: 06/10/25
Class: STEM 103 Spring
Project: Final: Misinformation Trivia game

# Program Description
Within this program is a beautiful trivia game. The questions for this game are completely based on stupid comments and statemnets made by Donald Trump from which are inaccurate or untrue. However, these questions and answers are true. Once ran, this program will welcome the user to the game and prompt them to input their name. Once they input their name and hit enter it will greet them by name and ask them to play a game and load the first question of twenty-four with a multiple choice answer. The user only needs to input a number between 1-4 and hit enter. If the user has answered the question incorrectly, it will display such and tell them what the correct answer was and prompt them to hit enter to continue to the next question. If the user answers the question correctly it will display a congradulation and prompt them to hit enter when they're ready to continue to the next question. If the user doesn't answer with a number between 1-4 it'll dispaly that it's not a valid number and ask them to please enter a 1, 2, 3, or 4. Once all twenty-four questions are answered it displays your final score and shows good sportsmanship with a good game and displaying the users name. I've attempted to answer my questions with every symbol, character, letter, number and it won't accept any answer other than 1, 2, 3 or 4.

# Coding Reflection
Over all I learned how difficult it is to use code to create a project of your own design. It's especially difficult to come up with ways to keep programs from crashing or errors from occuring. I will say it's hard to come up with an original project idea out of thin air especially when you don't have any background in coding and very minimal exposure to video games or computer games for that matter. Setting up a program to only except certain inputs is very troublesome as well. Ignore evereything except this is a hard concept to make happen outside of simply speaking it. A couple new things I've learned and implumented are import random (randomizes or shuffles a list, number or item but it won't use the same item twice), try/except (for error handling. try this code but if this goes wrong do this instead) and .string (A string method that removes leading and trailing whitespace from a string but not from the middle). The biggest issue I discovered was getting the program to ignore all inputs other than 1, 2, 3, and 4. A very extensive and annoyingly elaborative WhileTrue to set the code up to only accept the inputs i wanted it to accept.
